Ouch! Ouch! Au ...
-I was just going to cuddle a little.
- You ask for it, then.
-When you touch someone who sleeps.
-Yes. It's noted.
From now on we can have a rule
about waking each other up to snuggle.
I agree with that.
You can snuggle at me at any time.
Now you look tough.
The tattoo ...
Was it as spooky as you hoped for?
I'm fighting.
Jarl Bjørn assembles an army.
-Can you smell it?
-Yes I can.
And my spy says so too.
So we have two sources.
It's going to be a fight, yes.
It does.
-Two sources are good. Good.
-Send a message to our allies.
Send the ravens!
It's a true riddle how
the ravens know exactly where to go.
That's it.
We've come so far technologically -
- that we don't know
how things work anymore.
Everyone sends the ravens,
but nobody knows how it works.
Think if all the technology
suddenly disappeared?
By then we had been standing on a bare ground.
Almost no one had finished
to make the things we take for granted.
Quiet!
Stop philosophizing!
Funny ...
Do you remember I mentioned that I should
fishing trip with dad and little brother?
After Mom died, it has
gone in one, so a break is nice.
Valuable family time together.
So family time is more important
Than traveling a nest bar?
No, not at all.
- Was it now this weekend, right?
-Yes, it was the weekend now.
Dad, I'm sorry, though
I have to work! We'll take it again, we!
I love you.
Life!
Come!
-Hi!
-I miss you so crazy.
And I you!
But it's Olvar and me now.
No! Not real. You have
just developed such a syndrome -
- where you tie ties
to your kidnappers.
-But I'll give you a better life.
-Can you?
Yes. I have relatives in Iceland.
Pack your cases. We're leaving tomorrow.
Life!
Hi!
-You won't believe it!
-What is it?
-I caught an olden drill.
-No? An olden drill?
It is an interesting insect.
You can join and spear it,
if you want. On a stick.
Yes ... There you are, yes.
I just ...
-We are on our way to Vargnes, vi.
-Yes.
-Frøya, you shouldn't go?
-Yes. I'm a shepherd, you know.
A kind of job journey.
Required.
You haven't said anything about that.
I'll join.
Only boring job stuff ...
It does not matter.
We should do everything together.
- You don't have a horse ...
-I'm sitting with you.
I can massage you, because you are
well stole after all the sexing tonight?
Hey Hey. We got the raven
and come as fast as we could.
Oi!
I like your new style, Varg.
So good.
Thank you.
Great that someone dares to stand out.
-Happy you say that.
-You! Wolf has been given a new style. Spooky.
Is it a nest bar?
Does it work well?
It can summon with magic power
accidents several miles away, so yes.
Totally raw.
If Jarl Bjørn attacks from the forest,
then he rides straight into the jets.
Then he's done!
No hope.
Don't they ride right into the jets now?
Isn't that good?
Hi! You must turn!
You ride right into the jet!
You get jealous of you!
Oi.
Isn't that Daddy and Trym, then?
Dad ... Dad!
Turn! Fast! Turn!
Get away!
Wake up!
- It's just killing them.
- Kill Dad and Trym?
- They are doomed anyway.
-Can we wait to see if nid works?
Nid works.
They are dead men walking.
Yes, of course you are right.
Right in the bulb.
Good, guys.
-Condolences.
-Thanks.
Oh true, what happened here, Varg?
It was violent stuff.
The ones there gave me an oblique look.
And there they were, they thought of me.
I think.
Oh true.
Prefer not to touch the war table.
The whole battle plan is on the table, so
it's stupid if you push a figure.
Moving a figure marginally can do
that many hours of work are lost.
It is received. See it.
We have used a lot of resources
on scouting and spying -
- to line up the characters
exactly as they stand.
Do you enjoy yourself?
You are probably wondering why
I've gathered you here today!
Is it not for gathering the chieftains -
- and plan an attack
on Jarl Bjorn's army?
And to launch a new and revolutionary
concept, the war table?
Where the whole attack is planned
down to every little detail?
That's what you wrote in the notice.
- Did you write all that?
-Yes.
I was clearly on
that it should not be concrete.
Votes. You want to surround yourself
with an aura of mystery.
It was poor call-up crafts.
Sorry about that.
But to answer you:
That's right on a dot.
Jarl Bjørn gathers an army!
My plan is to kill
each one of them.
And Jarl Varg has promised it will
room for lots of offense too.
So it's positive.
Pieces on this side of the table -
- represents forces
under my command.
This, for example,
are your men.
-There you go.
-You attack up this flank.
I'll take that.
Let's see ...
And Olav ... Oi.
Olav ...
I think that's where they stood.
Was not it? I'm pretty
sure of it ... That's it! Think so ...
And then Olav, during the attack itself
are you storming up here ...
So, Olav,
from here and up there.
I'll take it ...
May Fenris gnaw
of you all messed up. Out!
- Get out!
- Not you, Olav. Or your right hand.
Torstein! Out. Out!
Frøya, join me,
then we can find some nice yarn.
For pioneering.
Come.
Yes yes ...
Yes ...
Looks like the weather is staying.
It blew a lot yesterday, but it did
seems like the wind has lied a bit.
There are varying winds
from day to day.
It's not equal
wind power every day, no.
Three months of planning
right in the sink.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry
strongly, almost.
You have a spectacular face.
So beautiful.
Too bad someone should
come to shame it.
Wolf, you ... You must be able to
leaning on a war table, right?
Isn't meant to lean
across the table and point out weaknesses -
- and have heated discussions?
Then one comes with one
insane idea that it actually works.
And another feels that he
must follow their heart and cry out:
"You have my sword!" Everyone votes in,
and then they speak with one voice.
Everyone has a common goal to fight for.
That's how I've seen it for myself.
I hate to say it, but you're right!
That is exactly what I saw!
And you saw how wrong
the center of gravity was in those pieces.
An accident waiting to happen.
Arvid did not overturn the table -
it was simply a craft.
You are right. Very right.
Oi. Whoa.
Is it a little raven with a message?
Look here, then. Is that an important one
message you got there, little raven?
It's a hen, that one.
Hen. Of course.
I'm not very good at birds.
Beak and wings, yes,
otherwise they are the same.
- Don't see the difference between sparrows and eagles?
-Don't feel. Completely poultry blind.
But maybe the scouts are empty
for ravens and sent a letter hen?
If it's a hen and not a raven.
I can only trust you.
Should you check that message, right?
Maybe it is seriously important.
A poultry came with this.
Our hour has finally arrived.
Jarl Bjorn's army
marching towards Vargnes.
-Go home and gather your troops, Olav!
-Will do.
And the warbeater
must get his punishment!
- Maybe hammer his hammer?
-No.
He should be stripped for limbs.
Left arm. Right leg.
His tongue and dick!
Seen on the battlefield.
This will be good!
Hi, Olvar.
There you were, yes.
-What are you doing?
-I gather my things together.
And why?
-No special reason.
I like to have my things together.
Preferably in a bag or practical bag.
-And you ... Are you going somewhere?
-Yes actually.
I'm going out and meeting some girlfriends.
-Who?
-I prefer not to mention names.
No one mentioned,
nobody forgot, in a way.
OK.
One thing before you go.
I feel
that you have been a little disappointed -
- for not having sued you
with jewelry and clothes and stuff.
A little, maybe. Nothing ...
It's been a test.
I just wanted to make sure
that you married me -
- for all the right reasons.
That you weren't the only one
sought status and material goods.
What?
Did you think that about me?
So ... I was wondering about that
was true love on your part.
- Now you disappoint me, Olvar.
-Yes.
I'm feeling rotten now.
And for good reason.
Since you were so wrong.
Yes ...
But from now on, there will be other bowls.
Well I really should
surprise you with status symbols -
- so you can really rise
over the other women in Norheim.
-Here you got some shopping for.
-It is fantastic! I'm overwhelmed.
Yes ...
You really deserve it
your amazing class trip.
-Can I wear the rings now?
-Yes.
- They are yours ...
-And there's more where they come from?
A lot. I'm not called the richest
the farmer in Norheim for nothing.
Now this relationship begins
to look like something, Olvar.
That's how it is when you love
each other over everything on earth, you know.
But now you must go.
See you later.
It sat well, that cock
until he the warlord ...
Look here, then. Now we have none
waterproof plan anymore either.
No need to worry.
I've saved a secret plan
for the right occasion.
And this is the right occasion.
- Battle of Jarl Bjørn?
-Votes!
And if we succeed, we will
not to lose a single man.
Find out the march boots.
We leave at dawn.
Varg? Varg!
I wonder if we got it wrong.
Oh no.
-That's not a good idea.
-Why not?
Isn't this the Dragon Valley, then?
The name comes from that
lives a spooky dragon in the area.
That is exactly why we are here.
And we get that feature on our team, -
- then we become invincible.
That's my secret plan!
Hello?
Is anybody home?
-Dragerytteren.
-We haven't met. Torstein Dog.
You have some nerves to come
to the Dragedalen. If you can say that.
-What do you want?
-It's brewing up for war.
We would love to use your dragon
to fire from Jarl Bjørn's army.
I don't use the dragon in war.
That's a principle.
That would be cowardly,
since it is so superior.
Of course.
I understand that.
But you might still think we do
could take a little look at the dragon?
So, I should like
invited you in, -
- but I haven't
enabled visits.
We don't care.
We are not ...
I almost think I have to insist
to see the dragon now that we are here.
Yes ...
She sleeps.
A really deep sleep.
-Don't we see it when it's asleep?
-No.
If she wakes up
with strangers present -
- then it can occur
a really confusing situation.
Fascinating.
There I sit on my back to the dragon.
And there she sparks fire.
And here you see the scale of the dragon.
That mountain is called Kjempefjellet.
Oh! See Giant Mountain looks small by
side of! Then we talk big dragon.
Yes.
I don't quite get the size ratio
to vote here.
Here you sit on the back of the dragon.
A little big horse.
While here is the dragon
the size of a mountain?
Sure, but it has
a natural explanation.
There she was just a puppy,
while there she is fully grown.
- What's that?
-Look I command the dragon.
Very exciting.
Do we have time for a little
thought experiment?
-Yes.
-For example, totally hypothetical, -
- if I took the dagger and drove it
right in your stomach, pulled it out -
- and took the nap from you, -
- is it so then the dragon
would have been under my command?
That's a very good question.
And the answer is no.
The handset is mostly a prop.
To create a total package, like.
We have a close bond.
The dragon just listens to me.
Can I please borrow
your dragon? I need it.
No.
Principles are principles.
What do you say to get rich?
Incredibly rich?
I really have
swore an oath to myself.
About never profiting on the dragon.
So unfortunately:A no is a no.
It was a shame, after all.
Life? Beloved!
Now it is
straight road to Iceland. Come.
-Don't make it difficult now.
-What then, difficult?
I've gone
many rounds with myself.
But I have to listen to my inner voice.
- What does it say?
- That I can't go.
Olvar has been convinced lately.
He has stepped up the game.
- Did he give you jewelry?
- That's not the reason.
It was more about the inner voice
said when I got the jewelry.
Oh yes.
- Time to go, buddy.
-What happens now?
Are you serious?
Should he join?
Good luck, Arnstein.
You have new adventures ahead of you now.
And I can't stress it enough:
I never meant to hurt you.
Make sure they get a good owner
in the new place, then, Sturla!
It was an incredible shame, that is.
I was looking forward to it
to have a dragon on the team.
It's just that crisis!
Wait! I changed my mind, me.
I'm doing it.
Because of the money. I can
well imagine me being incredibly rich.
Excellent.
It is not
to become rich that is the goal -
- but to let go
to worry about money.
-Right?
-A wise man once said:
Money is not everything
as long as you have enough of them.
Then we have a deal.
I already know
the smell of burnt human flesh -
- and hear the sound
of desperate screams of pain.